[Excel] (Range) Add article about checkboxes (#5114)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges-checkboxes.md

## Add checkboxes

To add checkboxes to a range, use the [`Range.control`](/javascript/api/excel/excel.range#excel-excel-range-control-member) property to access the [`CellControl`](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellcontrol) type, and set the `CellControlType` enum value to `checkbox`. Only Boolean values, like **TRUE** or **FALSE**, display as checkboxes in your range. The following code sample shows how to add checkboxes to the **Analysis** column of a table named **FruitTable**.

```js
await Excel.run(async (context) => {
    // This code sample shows how to add checkboxes to a table.
    const sheet = context.workbook.worksheets.getActiveWorksheet();

    // Get the "Analysis" column in the table, without the header.
    const range = sheet.tables.getItem("FruitTable").columns.getItem("Analysis").getDataBodyRange();

    // Change the Boolean values in the range to checkboxes.
    range.control = {
      type: Excel.CellControlType.checkbox
    };
    await context.sync();
});
```

## Change the value of a checkbox

> To check or uncheck a checkbox with the Excel JavaScript API, change the Boolean value in that cell. Use `Range.values` to change the value of a cell. The following code sample shows how to set the value of a cell to **TRUE**. Note that if the cell doesn't already display a checkbox, then the code sample simply changes the Boolean value of the cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select or clear a checkbox with the Excel JavaScript API, change the Boolean value in that cell. Use `Range.values` to change the value of a cell. The following code sample shows how to set the value of a cell to **TRUE**. Note that if the cell doesn't already display a checkbox, then the code sample simply changes the Boolean value of the cell.
```
